#Tutorial dioramas
The enemies will probably need to be made into lobotomized, script-controllable versions
Pro tips will also be dioramas probably. RIP my claude sonnet quota. Probably will have to switch to gemini pro if I run out...


##Frame 1

1.Player walks up,down,left,right with small button indicators also showing wasd, arrows and left joystick doing the movements. The controls are shown in the left 25% of the diorama, and the rest is to show the player moving.
2.How to move
3.Move using WASD, arrows, or your left joystick. Don't stop, unless you want to be surrounded!

##Frame 2

1.The player stands between 3 strong kobolds in the center (the kobolds are placed in a triangle). The ice spear weapon randomly shoots at each of the enemies. The enemies are allowed to die, showing the weapon stopping the attacks after there's no one left. Then after like 2 seconds the diorama resets.
2.Attacks are automatic!
3.Don't worry about hitting the enemies. The automagical targeting system automatically (but randomly) attacks enemies on the screen. Melee weapons attack your closest enemy!

##Frame 3

1.The player attacks a lone kobold with the whip. The kobold dies, and the player walks up to collect the xp gem, showing an xp bar gaining progress. The diorama then resets in 2 seconds
2.Gaining XP
3.Kill enemies, then collect their XP gems. Be careful not to get hurt while going for the gems! Stronger enemies give stronger gems.

##Frame 4

1.Same as frame 3, except this time the player has enough xp to level up. Then the level-up menu shows up, and the player is shown getting the javelin, with it spawning next to the player. The diorama then resets in 2s
2.Leveling up
3.Collect enough XP to gain new items! You can pick from 3 options, ranging from support items to deadly weapons.

##Frame 5

1.The player stands in the middle of the frame, a cyclops on the left, and the ancient amoeba on the right. The player attacks the amoeba with the ice spear (gotta make the cyclops untargetable then), then it launches it's dissolve attack, targeting the spot right on top of the cyclops, the player moves out of the attack, the cyclops does not. The cyclops dies. Reset after 3s.
2.Bosses
3.Watch out for strong foes every 5 minues! These enemies have special and deadly attacks, but drop items that are just as special and deadly.

##Frame 6

1.The player is seen changing characters, from the mage to the occultist, to the plague doctor. The sprite for the character's starting weapon is shown on the right, pretty much the same size as the player (might need to resize if looks bad)
2.Characters
3.Every character has their own starting weapon and passive buff. Try different synergies and tactics!

##Frame 7

1.The player is shown running from off-screen on the left, chasing after a weak kobold, the player at full HP. Then the player is running from off-screen on the right, running away from a juggernaut, health at 25%. Reset after 1s
2.Choose your difficulty
3.Challenge yourself with a higher difficulty! Enemies have higher HP, and in higher ammounts, but have an opportunity to reach higher levels!

##Frame 8

1.It just says "Pro tips" in a fancy cursive font. I'll add it to the fonts folder later, but for now, add a "Cursive header" theme, I'll manualy assign the font when I find a good one.
2.N\A
3.N\A

(These pro tips are just like the tutorial frames, and placed right after them)

##Pro tips 1

1.The player is shown running in circles, the enemies also running in circles after the player. The enemies do not reach the player, and the player gets to pick off the enemies using the ice spear, while collecting the xp they drop.
2.Running in circles
3.This is pro tip #1 for a reason. You can avoid enemies, group them up, and collect xp, all using one tactic!

##Pro tips 2

1.The player is surrounded by xp gems, then picks up the XP orb on the right of them, and all the xp gems go into the player.
2.XP orb
3.Some enemies drop an XP orb that allows picking up ALL of the XP on the floor. Handy!

That's all the pro tips I could come up with for now. I'll probably ask for more to be added in a different chat. BTW, can you make a file with some sort of "Diorama style sheet"?
